Explanation:
All copy-able classes/methods were copied straigth from the assignment description as well as all method headers. As for my approaches, the readBigInteger method takes an input using a scanner (in this case itest), then makes a linkedlist out of it in reverse order by appending each ne digit to the front of the list. printBigInteger simply calls the reverse method, makes sure the data is not null, and iterates through the list while printing each digit to the output, then it unreverses the list back to normal. The reverse method recursively splits the list into parts then recombines them in reverse order. The plus_plus method adds 1 to the number, then iterates throught the list to check for the need to carry, if num has not been resolved (meaning there is a still a carry required after it has iterated all the way through), a new digit is added to the list. The plus method works fairly similarly to plus_plus, it notes the data of the current node in the list to be added and then adds them together while storing the remainder if it needs to be carried to the next digit, and it does this until the addition has resolved and it has the same new digit solution as plus_plus, and finally it puts the result into a node which is appended onto a new list to be returned which is reversed because I had a weird bug when testing and it was the easiest solution.

How to run:
This code is simple to run, run the line "javac Ben_Fisher_HW2/*.java" to compile everything, then run the line "java Ben_Fisher_HW2.Test < Ben_Fisher_HW2/itest.txt > Ben_Fisher_HW2/output.txt" and it should run properly while putting the output in the output.txt file. There is already an output in the file from my tests, and I did not know whether or not to include that, so I just left it. I am not sure of any limitations as I did rush this a bit due to lateness (sorry).